Add context for JMALLOC issues (#35038)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/container.md

The Home Assistant Container is using an alternative memory allocation library [jemalloc](http://jemalloc.net/) for better memory management and Python runtime speedup.

> As jemalloc can cause issues on certain hardware (see Issue [home-assistant/core#36273](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/36273)), it can be disabled by passing the environment variable `DISABLE_JEMALLOC` with any value, for example:

Reviewer: We should either describe or ommit this. We should not be linking to issues or source code in end-user documentation.

../Frenck

> As the jemalloc configuration used can cause issues on certain hardware featuring a page size larger than 4K (e.g. some specific ARM64-based SoCs), it can be disabled by passing the environment variable `DISABLE_JEMALLOC` with any value, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the jemalloc configuration used can cause issues on certain hardware featuring a page size larger than 4K (like some specific ARM64-based SoCs), it can be disabled by passing the environment variable `DISABLE_JEMALLOC` with any value, for example:
```
